Add Binjie Yang as committer (#134)
apache/kyuubi-website: src/en/news/2023-10-11-new-committers.md

---

> title: '新的 committer: Binjie Yang'

Reviewer: it's en

date: 2023-10-11
linked: true
description: We are happy to announce Binjie Yang becomes a new Kyuubi committer.
---
<!---
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License. See accompanying LICENSE file.
-->

The Project Management Committee (PMC) for Apache Kyuubi
has invited [Binjie Yang](https://github.com/zwangsheng) to become a committer and we are pleased
to announce that he has accepted.

> Binjie Yang works at NetEase Games, he

Reviewer 2: please do not copy without head...

Author: Addressed, XD

- started contribution to Kyuubi community since Mar. 2021
- made a major contribution to fit Kyuubi with Spark Engine On Kubernetes
- participate in Kyuubi On Kubernetes adaptation and integration test construction

> - join the construction of Kyuubi Web UI & Restful Api V2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- join the construction of Kyuubi Web UI & Batch V2
```
